[Clang] Warning as error Array Comparisons from C++26 (#118872)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

- The ``-Warray-compare`` warning has been added to warn about array comparison
  on versions older than C++20.

- The ``-Warray-compare-cxx26`` warning has been added to warn about array comparison

>   starting from C++26, this warn is error by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  starting from C++26, this warning is enabled as an error by default.
```

Author: Done
